Clarify SETTINGS behavior for 0-RTT (#87)
ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-ietf-webtrans-http3: draft-ietf-webtrans-http3.md

From the client's perspective, a WebTransport session is established when the
client receives a 2xx response.  From the server's perspective, a session is
established once it sends a 2xx response.

> WebTransport over HTTP/3 does not support 0-RTT.  WebTransport-related SETTINGS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients cannot initiate WebTransport in 0-RTT packets, as the CONNECT method is not considered safe; see {{Section 10.9 of HTTP3}}.  WebTransport-related SETTINGS
```

parameters may be retained from the previous session as described in Section

> 7.2.4.2 of [HTTP3].  In that case, the server MUST NOT reduce the limit of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.2.4.2 of [HTTP3].  If the server accepts 0-RTT, the server MUST NOT reduce the limit of
```
